Hook priority and selectors documentation (#152)
secureCodeBox/documentation: docs/how-tos/hooks.md

```yaml
apiVersion: "cascading.securecodebox.io/v1"
kind: CascadingRule
metadata:
  name: "ncrack-ftp"
  labels:
    securecodebox.io/invasive: invasive
    securecodebox.io/intensive: high
    securecodebox.io/type: bruteforce
spec:
  matches:
    anyOf:
      - category: "Open Port"
        attributes:
          service: "ftp"
          state: open
  scanSpec:
    // highlight-start
    hookSelector:
      matchExpressions:
      - key: app.kubernetes.io/name
        operator: NotIn
        values: [ "persistence-defectdojo" ]
    // highlight-end
    scanType: "ncrack"
    parameters:
      - -v
      - -d10
      - -U
      - /ncrack/users.txt
      - -P
      - /ncrack/passwords.txt
      - -p 
      - ftp:{{attributes.port}}
      - "{{$.hostOrIP}}"
```

Note that we use `app.kubernetes.io/name` here to filter all releases of the DefectDojo persistence provider.

:::caution
You can use [`scan.spec.cascading.inheritHookSelector`](/docs/api/crds/scan#cascades-optional) on your initial scan definition to pass `hookSelector` entries on to cascaded scans.

> Selectors defined in Cascading Rules will however not be passed on to cascaded scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selectors defined in cascading rules will only apply to the scan triggered by the rule - if the results of that scan then trigger further cascading scans, the selectors defined in the cascading rule will be dropped and only those from the original scan are kept.
```
Slightly unclear, propose to update the wording a bit to make the meaning clearer.
